1.You are inheriting a parking lot owned by your father. Your father has been running this parking lot for nearly a decade now. When your father started this parking lot, he had a land of 24,000 sq.ft (600 * 40). So, he decided to use the parking lot for cycles. Each cycle is expected to occupy 15 sq ft of space for parking (3*5). Besides this, the cycle parking lot had 12 gates and pavement in front of the parking lot of dimension 600*10, to coordinate the movement to the right place. Cycle should always be parked in the direction of the gate.Over a period, you think that coordinating the cycle stand for availability was becoming tough and hence wanted to build a parking system for cycles. Build a cycle parking lot with these dimensions and consider the various possibilities of the future while doing so.

2.After a few months, you find that there are a lot of theft cases registered in the police station.You feel that you need to make your business more reliable. So, you decide to give insurance for all cycles parked, assist on theft tracking with police and introduce an identity verification system in your parking lot.

3.You make hell a lot of money as your competition lacked your software breadth. Demands increase and you decide to build a multi floor parking system for cycles. With the money in hand, you decide to increase the capacity of the cycle stand for 10 floors. The building sits adjacent to the pavement and it is constructed with the dimensions 560*20. One of the floors of the building is occupied by security staff and it operates as a buffer lobby for half the number of cycles, compared to other floors, as the other half is occupied by security personnel cycles. Now, the software requires an upgrade to support the new building infrastructure.

4.Your new software rocks the market and you are cash rich now. As you become rich, you saw your cycle owners become rich. Most of those folks moved towards bikes and cars, as they progressed well and come to you requesting a parking lot for their vehicles. You want to value their relationship and decide to invest in the adjacent land of 100,000 sq ft. You make an estimate of 150 sq ft for one car (10*15) and decide to build a multilevel car parking of 12 floors in 75,000 sq ft. The new facility has 3 gates. Now, you need software to handle everything that cycle parking system had for a different premise.

5.You purchase 3 more facilities of same 100,000 sq ft for the following - bike, minibus and a cargo. Bike requires 60 sq ft ( 6*10 ), minibus requires 500 sq ft (10*50) and cargo requires 1200 sq ft (12*100). The new facilities have 3 gates each.

6.You see a lot of people waiting on parking each day in your facilities and decide to create a valet system for parking. The valet system has to manage the waiting crowd with the right allocation of personnel and also has to provide the required number of personals operational based on the number of slots across your facilities. For example , a person can be shifted from a cycle facility valet to a car facility valet, if the person has the expertise to drive a car.
